---
layout: page
title: Policy
date: 2015-04-18 21:09
author: Pranav Kumar
comments: true
categories: []
---
<div>www.techpanel.in</div>
<div id="ppBody">
<div></div>
<div></div>
<div class="innerText">This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their</div>
<div class="innerText">'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and</div>
<div class="innerText">information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify,</div>
<div class="innerText"> contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy</div>
<div class="innerText">carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally</div>
<div class="innerText">Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.</div>
&nbsp;
<div class="grayText"><strong>What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?</strong></div>
<div class="innerText">When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your email address or other</div>
<div class="innerText"> details to help you with your experience.</div>
<div class="grayText"><strong>When do we collect information?</strong></div>
<div class="innerText">We collect information from you when you subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information</div>
<div class="innerText">on our site.</div>
<div class="grayText"><strong>How do we use your information?</strong></div>
<div class="innerText">We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our</div>
<div class="innerText"> newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site</div>
<div class="innerText"> features in the following ways:</div>
<div class="innerText"></div>
<div class="innerText">      <strong>•</strong> To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.</div>
&nbsp;
<div class="grayText"><strong>How do we protect visitor information?</strong></div>
<div class="innerText">Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your</div>
<div class="innerText">visit to our site as safe as possible.</div>
<div class="innerText">We use regular Malware Scanning.</div>
<div class="innerText">Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number</div>
<div class="innerText">of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information</div>
<div class="innerText">confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL)</div>
<div class="innerText"> technology.</div>
<div class="innerText">We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to</div>
<div class="innerText">maintain the safety of your personal information.</div>
<div class="innerText">All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.</div>
&nbsp;
<div class="grayText"><strong>Third Party Disclosure</strong></div>
<div class="innerText">We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless</div>
<div class="innerText">we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who</div>
<div class="innerText"> assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree</div>
<div class="innerText">to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is</div>
<div class="innerText">appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.</div>
<div class="innerText">However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing,</div>
<div class="innerText"> advertising, or other uses.</div>
&nbsp;
<div class="grayText"><strong>Third party links</strong></div>
<div class="innerText">Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website.</div>
<div class="innerText"> These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility</div>
<div class="innerText"> or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of</div>
<div class="innerText"> our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.</div>
&nbsp;
<div class="blueText"><strong>Google</strong></div>
<div class="innerText">Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place</div>
<div class="innerText"> to provide a positive experience for users. <a href="https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en" target="_blank">https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en</a></div>
<div class="innerText">We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.</div>
&nbsp;
<div class="blueText"><strong>California Online Privacy Protection Act</strong></div>
<div class="innerText">CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a</div>
<div class="innerText">privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the</div>
<div class="innerText"> United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable</div>
<div class="innerText"> information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly</div>
<div class="innerText">the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to</div>
<div class="innerText"> comply with this policy. - See more at:</div>
<div class="innerText"><a href="http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf" target="_blank">http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf</a></div>
<div class="innerText"><strong>According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:</strong></div>
<div class="innerText">Users can visit our site anonymously</div>
<div class="innerText">Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first</div>
<div class="innerText">significant page after entering our website.</div>
<div class="innerText">Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.</div>
<div class="innerText">Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:</div>
<div class="innerText">      <strong>•</strong> On our Privacy Policy Page</div>
<div class="innerText">Users are able to change their personal information:</div>
<div class="innerText">      <strong>•</strong> By emailing us</div>
<div class="innerText"><strong>How does our site handle do not track signals?</strong></div>
<div class="innerText">We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT)</div>
<div class="innerText"> browser mechanism is in place.</div>
<div class="innerText"><strong>Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?</strong></div>
<div class="innerText">It's also important to note that we allow third party behavioral tracking</div>
&nbsp;
<div class="blueText"><strong>COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)</strong></div>
<div class="innerText">When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online</div>
<div class="innerText"> Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's</div>
<div class="innerText"> consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and</div>
<div class="innerText"> online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.</div>
<div class="innerText">We do not specifically market to children under 13.</div>
&nbsp;
<div class="blueText"><strong>Fair Information Practices</strong></div>
<div class="innerText">The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the</div>
<div class="innerText">concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the</div>
<div class="innerText"> globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical</div>
<div class="innerText"> to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.</div>
<div class="innerText"></div>
<div class="innerText"><strong>In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, </strong></div>
<div class="innerText"><strong>should a data breach occur:</strong></div>
<div class="innerText">We will notify the users via email</div>
<div class="innerText">      <strong>•</strong> Within 7 business days</div>
<div class="innerText">We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally</div>
<div class="innerText"> enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle</div>
<div class="innerText"> requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have</div>
<div class="innerText"> recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.</div>
&nbsp;
<div class="blueText"><strong>CAN SPAM Act</strong></div>
<div class="innerText">The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for</div>
<div class="innerText"> commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells</div>
<div class="innerText"> out tough penalties for violations.</div>
<div class="innerText"><strong>We collect your email address in order to:</strong></div>
<div class="innerText"><strong>To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:</strong></div>
<div class="innerText"><strong>
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at</strong></div>
and we will promptly remove you from <strong>ALL</strong> correspondence.

</div>
&nbsp;
<div class="blueText"><strong>Contact Us</strong></div>
&nbsp;
<div class="innerText">If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.</div>
<div class="innerText"><a href="{{ site.url }}">techpanel.in</a></div>
<div class="innerText">Hyderabad</div>
<div class="innerText">Telangana</div>
<div class="innerText">500060</div>
<div class="innerText">India</div>
<div class="innerText">support@techpanel.in</div> 
